https://imgur.com/a/4V51m59

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Explanation:
This infrastructure called "simple web stack" and contains the next specifics:
1- Domain name: generally the domaine name role is to provide a human-friendly way to
identify and access internet resources.
domain names are managed by the Domain Name System (DNS).
in our case the domain name is "foobar.com" and is an A recorde, because the IP address
associated with this domain name is 8.8.8.8 (IPv4).
2- DNS: (Domain Name System) it is a service that translate domain names into IP address.
3- server: is a piece of computer hardware or software, located in data center which are
buildings that host hundreds, or even thousands of servers.
A server can be physical or virtual. and runs on operating system (OS).
Communication between servers is via TCP/IP protocol
4- web server: is a software that delivers web pages (static web pages), it can be actual
computer (in the cloud area it can be virtual computer, called virtual machine).
A resource sent from a web server can be a pre-existing file (static content) available to the
web server, or it can be generated at the time of the request (dynamic content) by another
program that communicates with the server software. 
5- application server: is a type of server that hosts and runs software applications that
provide business logic or functionality for web clients or other devices. An application server
can communicate with web servers, database servers, and other services to process and deliver
dynamic content, such as web pages, emails, online games, etc. An application server can also
provide security, scalability, performance, and reliability features for the applications it
hosts.
6- database: generally it is an organized collection of structured information, it used to store
and manage application data, in our case we use MYSQL databse.
This infrastructure has many issues including:
1- SPOF: (single point of failure) because if one component in this structure has broken, the
application will fails.
2- Downtime: when maintenance needed (like deploying new code web server needs to be restarted)
3- Cannot scale if too much incoming traffic